1.Black box testing:
  Black box testing is used to test the system against external factors responsible for software failures. 
  this testing approach focuses on the input that goes into the software, and the output that is produced.
  the testing team does not cover the inside details such as code, server logic, and development method.

2.White Box Testing:
  White box testing involves testing the product's underlying structure, architecture,
  and code to validate input-output flow and enhance design, usability, and security.

3.Regression Testing: 
  Regression testing is performed to determine if code modifications break an application or consume resources.

4.Smoke Testing: 
  This type of software testing validates the stability of a software application, 
  it is performed on the initial software build to ensure that the critical functions of the program are working.

5.Alpha Testing:
  This is a type of validation testing. It is a type of acceptance testing which is done before the product is released to customers. 
  it is typically done by QA people.

6.Beta Testing:
  The beta test is conducted at one or more customer sites by the end-user of the software,
  this version is released for a limited number of users for testing in a real-time environment..

7. System Testing:
   This software is tested such that it works fine for the different operating systems.
   it is covered under the black box testing technique.in this we just focus on the required input and output without focusing on internal working. 
   in this we have security testing, recovery testing, stress testing, and performance testing.

8. Stress Testing:
   Stress testing is a software testing activity that tests beyond normal operational capacity to test the results.

9.Performance Testing:
  it is designed to test the run-time performance of software within the context of an integrated system.
  it is used to test the speed and effectiveness of the program. It is also called load testing. 
  in it we check, what is the performance of the system in the given load.

